README.md, before:


![](www/binary-logo.jpg)

# Job Application - Quantitative Analyst

## Interview Sample Question

  The sample question for Interview a job in Binary options. Here I created a shiny app for the job application.

![](www/20170113_104005.gif)
*Kindly click* [**Here**](https://beta.rstudioconnect.com/content/2367/) *to access the shiny app*

<span style='color:red'>**Under Construction...**</span>

### Question I

	I use daily OHLCV USDJPY data (from 2014-01-01 to 2017-01-20) and application of some models to forecast the highest and lowest price :
	
	- Auto Arima models
	- Exponential Time Series
	- Univariate Garch models
	- Exponential Weighted Moving Average
	- Monte Carlo Markov Chain
	- Bayesian Time Series
	- Midas

	For the staking model, I simply forecast the highest and lowest price, and then : 
	
	- Kelly criterion and using highest or lowest price for closing transaction, otherwise using closing price if the forecasted lowest/highest price is not occur.
	- Placed $100 an each of the forecasted variance value and do the settlement based on the real variance value. 
  - <http://rpubs.com/englianhu/binary-forex-trading-condensed-version>(<http://rpubs.com/englianhu/302665>)
  - <http://rpubs.com/englianhu/304134>

### Question II

### Question III


## Reference

### Question I

  01. [Stock Market Forecasting Using LASSO Linear Regression Model](https://github.com/englianhu/binary.com-interview-question/blob/master/reference/Stock%20Market%20Forecasting%20Using%20LASSO%20Linear%20Regression%20Model.pdf)<img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>
  02. [Using LASSO from lars (or glmnet) package in R for variable selection](http://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/58531/using-lasso-from-lars-or-glmnet-package-in-r-for-variable-selection?answertab=votes#tab-top)
  03. [Difference between glmnet() and cv.glmnet() in R?](Difference between glmnet() and cv.glmnet() in R?)
  04. [Testing Kelly Criterion and Optimal f in R](https://alphaism.wordpress.com/2012/04/13/testing-kelly-criterion-and-optimal-f-in-r) <img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>
  05. [Portfolio Optimization and Monte Carlo Simulation](https://github.com/scibrokes/kelly-criterion/blob/master/references/Portfolio%20Optimization%20and%20Monte%20Carlo%20Simulation.pdf) <img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>
  06. [Glmnet Vignette](https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/glmnet/glmnet_alpha.html)
  07. [lasso怎么用算法实现？](http://cos.name/cn/topic/101533/#post-418215)
  08. [The Sparse Matrix and {glmnet}](http://amunategui.github.io/sparse-matrix-glmnet/)
  09. [Regularization and Variable Selection via the Elastic Net](https://github.com/englianhu/binary.com-interview-question/blob/master/reference/Regularization%20and%20Variable%20Selection%20via%20the%20Elastic%20Net.pdf)
  10. [LASSO, Ridge, and Elastic Net](http://www4.stat.ncsu.edu/~post/josh/LASSO_Ridge_Elastic_Net_-_Examples.html) <img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>
  11. [热门数据挖掘模型应用入门（一）: LASSO回归](http://cos.name/2016/10/data-mining-1-lasso/)
  12. [The Lasso Page](http://statweb.stanford.edu/~tibs/lasso.html)
  13. [Call_Valuation.R](https://api.rpubs.com/Mariano/call)
  14. [Lecture 6 – Stochastic Processes and Monte Carlo](http://zorro-trader.com/manual/en/Lecture%206.htm)
  15. [The `caret` Package](http://topepo.github.io/caret/index.html) <img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>
  16. [Time Series Cross Validation](https://rpubs.com/crossxwill/time-series-cv) <img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>
  17. [Character-Code.com](http://character-code.com/)
  18. [Size Matters – Kelly Optimization](https://alphaism.wordpress.com/2012/03/26/size-matters-kelly-optimization/) <img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>

### Question II

  1. 
  2. 

### Question III

  01. [Data APIs/feeds available as packages in R](http://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/12670/data-apis-feeds-available-as-packages-in-r)
  02.

Commit message:

backup while looking for intraday data

README.md, after:


![](www/binary-logo.jpg)

# Job Application - Quantitative Analyst

## Interview Sample Question

  The sample question for Interview a job in Binary options. Here I created a shiny app for the job application.

![](www/20170113_104005.gif)
*Kindly click* [**Here**](https://beta.rstudioconnect.com/content/2367/) *to access the shiny app*

<span style='color:red'>**Under Construction...**</span>

### Question I

	I use daily OHLCV USDJPY data (from 2014-01-01 to 2017-01-20) and application of some models to forecast the highest and lowest price :
	
	- Auto Arima models
	- Exponential Time Series
	- Univariate Garch models
	- Exponential Weighted Moving Average
	- Monte Carlo Markov Chain
	- Bayesian Time Series
	- Midas

	For the staking model, I simply forecast the highest and lowest price, and then : 
	
	- Kelly criterion and using highest or lowest price for closing transaction, otherwise using closing price if the forecasted lowest/highest price is not occur.
	- Placed $100 an each of the forecasted variance value and do the settlement based on the real variance value. 

  Kindly refer to [Binary.com Interview Q1](https://englianhu.github.io/2017/09/binary-forex-trading-Q1.html)([Alternate link](http://rpubs.com/englianhu/binary-forex-trading-Q1))

  Here I wrote another extention page for Q1 which is analyse the data from minutes to daily. You are feel free to browse over [Binary.com Interview Q1E](http://rpubs.com/englianhu/binary-forex-trading-Q1E).

### Question II

### Question III


## Reference

### Question I

  01. [Stock Market Forecasting Using LASSO Linear Regression Model](https://github.com/englianhu/binary.com-interview-question/blob/master/reference/Stock%20Market%20Forecasting%20Using%20LASSO%20Linear%20Regression%20Model.pdf)<img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>
  02. [Using LASSO from lars (or glmnet) package in R for variable selection](http://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/58531/using-lasso-from-lars-or-glmnet-package-in-r-for-variable-selection?answertab=votes#tab-top)
  03. [Difference between glmnet() and cv.glmnet() in R?](Difference between glmnet() and cv.glmnet() in R?)
  04. [Testing Kelly Criterion and Optimal f in R](https://alphaism.wordpress.com/2012/04/13/testing-kelly-criterion-and-optimal-f-in-r) <img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>
  05. [Portfolio Optimization and Monte Carlo Simulation](https://github.com/scibrokes/kelly-criterion/blob/master/references/Portfolio%20Optimization%20and%20Monte%20Carlo%20Simulation.pdf) <img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>
  06. [Glmnet Vignette](https://web.stanford.edu/~hastie/glmnet/glmnet_alpha.html)
  07. [lasso怎么用算法实现？](http://cos.name/cn/topic/101533/#post-418215)
  08. [The Sparse Matrix and {glmnet}](http://amunategui.github.io/sparse-matrix-glmnet/)
  09. [Regularization and Variable Selection via the Elastic Net](https://github.com/englianhu/binary.com-interview-question/blob/master/reference/Regularization%20and%20Variable%20Selection%20via%20the%20Elastic%20Net.pdf)
  10. [LASSO, Ridge, and Elastic Net](http://www4.stat.ncsu.edu/~post/josh/LASSO_Ridge_Elastic_Net_-_Examples.html) <img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>
  11. [热门数据挖掘模型应用入门（一）: LASSO回归](http://cos.name/2016/10/data-mining-1-lasso/)
  12. [The Lasso Page](http://statweb.stanford.edu/~tibs/lasso.html)
  13. [Call_Valuation.R](https://api.rpubs.com/Mariano/call)
  14. [Lecture 6 – Stochastic Processes and Monte Carlo](http://zorro-trader.com/manual/en/Lecture%206.htm)
  15. [The `caret` Package](http://topepo.github.io/caret/index.html) <img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>
  16. [Time Series Cross Validation](https://rpubs.com/crossxwill/time-series-cv) <img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>
  17. [Character-Code.com](http://character-code.com/)
  18. [Size Matters – Kelly Optimization](https://alphaism.wordpress.com/2012/03/26/size-matters-kelly-optimization/) <img src='www/hot.jpg' width='20'>

### Question II

  1. 
  2. 

### Question III

  01. [Data APIs/feeds available as packages in R](http://stats.stackexchange.com/questions/12670/data-apis-feeds-available-as-packages-in-r)
  02.
